Updates to the "Monitoring your own services" section (#22879)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-roles-for-monitoring-your-own-services.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * monitoring/monitoring-your-own-services.adoc

[id="roles-for-monitoring-your-own-services_{context}"]
= Roles for monitoring your own services

> This table lists the cluster roles deployed using the Cluster Monitoring Operator (CMO). Each of these roles can be bound against a specific namespace by the cluster administrator.

Reviewer: "should" instead of "can"? cc @s-urbaniak

Reviewer 2: yes correct, and even stronger. They _must_ be bound against the user namespace to have effect.

.Roles for monitoring your own services
[options="header", cols="2,5a,5a"]
|====
|Role|Permissions embedded by the role|What the role enables
|`monitoring-rules-view`
|`get prometheusrules.monitoring.coreos.com`

> |* Reading PrometheusRule custom resources matching the permitted namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|* Reading PrometheusRule custom resources within the namespace.
```

> * Getting declared and pending alerts and recording rules from `/api/v1/alerts?namespace=<foo>` and `/api/v1/rules?namespace=<foo>` endpoints matching the permitted namespace.

Reviewer: That's not implemented for 4.5 (delayed to 4.6).

|`monitoring-rules-edit`
|`create/edit/delete prometheusrules.monitoring.coreos.com`
|* Creating, modifying, and deleting PrometheusRule custom resources matching the permitted namespace.

> * Silencing firing alerts from the Alertmanager `/alerts?namespace=<foo>` endpoint matching the permitted namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Managing silences from the Alertmanager `/api/v2/silences?namespace=<foo>` and `/api/v2/silence/?namespace=<foo>` endpoints matching the permitted namespace.
```

|`monitoring-edit`
|`get/create/edit/delete` for these custom resources:

. ServiceMonitor
. PodMonitor
. PrometheusRule
|* Creating new scraping targets for services or pods.
* Creating new recording or alerting rules.
|====

> // [For 4.6+] Additionally, the `monitoring-workload-config-edit` named role is deployed against the `workload-monitoring-config` configmap resource in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace, which embeds the `get/create/edit/delete` permissions.

Reviewer 3: Do we need this now? Also this role has not even been shipped and we have not finalised the name of it :) I would remove this for now.
